WELCOME ONE AND ALL TO
THE LATE SHOW.
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
YOU KNOW--
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: THANK YOU, THANK
YOU.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE MET DONALD
TRUMP.
BUT I WOULD NOT SAY THAT WE ARE
FRIENDS.
(LAUGHTER)
AND I THANK THE LORD FOR THAT
BECAUSE TODAY HAS BEEN A ROUGH
ONE FOR THOSE CLOSE TO THE
PRESIDENT.
LET'S START WITH FORMER TRUMP
CAMPAIGN CHAIR AND MAN WITH
RESTING INDICTED FACE PAUL
MANAFORT.
EARLIER TODAY A FEDERAL JUDGE
SENTENCED MANAFORT TO 47 MONTHS
IN PRISON, OKAY.
S THAT HE'S NOT EVEN FOUR YEARS,
OKAY.
SO NOT QUITE FOUR YEARS BUT WITH
GOOD BEHAVIOR HE IS INCAPABLE OF
GOOD BEHAVIOR.
THE 47 MONTHS MANAFORT GOT IS A
SHOCKINGLY LENIENT SENTENCE
CONSIDERING THE SENTENCING GUIDE
LINES CALL FOR A PREBT TERM OF
19.5 TO 24 YEARS.
YEAH.
I WILL TELL YOU WHAT, I TELL YOU
WHAT, I GOT TO SAY, THAT HALF,
THAT HALF HAS GOT TO STING.
IS THAT NECESSARY?
THAT'S LIKE HEARING YOU ARE
SENTENCED TO DEATH AND COMMUNITY
SERVICE.
BUT MANAFORT'S LAWYERS TRIED
EVERYTHING TO GET THEIR CLIENT A
REDUCED SENTENCE EXCEPT
REPRESENTING AN INNOCENT MAN.
MANAFORT EVEN WENT ON TV AND
FREAKED OUT ON GAYLE KING.
MANAFORT'S LAWYERS ALSO CLAIM
THE SENTENCING GUIDE LINES WERE
UNFAIR SINCE HE WAS A FIRST TIME
OFFENDERS.
AS PROSECUTORS POINTED OUT THAT
FOR OVER A DECADE MANAFORT
REPEATEDLY AND BRAZENLY VIOLATED
THE LAW.
HE WASN'T SO MUCH A FIRST TIME
OFFENDER AS A FIRST TIME GETTING
CAUGHTER.
AND THE BAD NEWS KEEPS COMING
FOR PAULIE NUMBNUTS BECAUSE NEXT
WEEK MANAFORT WILL RECEIVE A
SECOND JAIL SENTENCE FROM A
DIFFERENT FEDERAL JUDGE FOR
WITNESS TAMPERING AND MONEY
LAUNDERING.
YOU KNOW ARE YOU IN TROUBLE WHEN
THE ONLY TIME YOU GET OUT OF
JAIL IS TO GO GET SENTENCED TO
MORE JAIL.
(LAUGHTER)
A LOT OF PEOPLE--
(APPLAUSE)
I GOT YOU.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE SAYING IT
LOOKS LIKE PAUL MANAFORT WILL BE
IN THE SLAMMER FOR THE REST OF
HIS LIFE BUT MAYBE HE CAN
CONVINCE THE PAS ROLE BOARD TO
LET HIM OUT EARLY IF HE'S A
SMOOTHER TALKER.
>> SO TO BE CLEAR, MR. TRUMP HAS
NO FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH
ANY RUSSIAN OLIGARCHS.
>> IF THAT'S WHAT HE SAID.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID-- THAT'S
OBVIOUSLY WHAT THE OPPOSITION
IS.
>> Stephen: HE'S GOING TO BE
IN THERE A LONG TIME.
IT'S BEEN--
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: NEVER, NEVER-- I
LOVE THAT, I LOVE THAT FOOTAGE.
SO BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S ALSO BEEN A BIT OF A ROUGH
DAY FOR FORMER TRUMP FIXER AND
MAN WATCHING HIS SOUL RIDE OFF
ON A VESPA, MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN HAS BEEN TESTIFYING FOR
THE LAST TWO WEEKS IN CONGRESS
AND THERE IS ONE THING HE WAS
VERY CLEAR ABOUT.
>> I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR NOR
WOULD I ACCEPT A PARDON FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
>> Stephen: CHECKS,
REIMBURSING ME FOR PAYING OFF A
PORN STAR, HE YES.
PARDON, NO.
I HAVE MY DIGNITY.
BUT AND ITS HE'S A BIG JUICY
BUT, ACCORDING TO "THE WALL
STREET JOURNAL," ACCORDING TO
"THE WALL STREET JOURNAL," COHEN
INSTRUCTED HIS LAWYER TO INQUIRE
ABOUT A PRESIDENTIAL PARDON.
OOOOOH.
WHAT WOULD YOU CALL A PERSON
WITHOUT DOES SOMETHING LIKE
THAT, REPRESENTATIVE GOSAR.
>> LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU, THANK
YOU, SIR.
RECLAIMING MY TIME, RECLAIMING
MY TIME.
COHEN'S LAWYERS ARGUE THAT
COHEN'S TESTIMONY WASN'T A LIE
BECAUSE WHEN HE SAID HE WOULD
NEVER ASK FOR A PARDON, HE WAS
TALKING ABOUT THE PERIOD WHERE
HE HAD MADE HIS DECISION TO TELL
THE TRUTH AND THAT NEW MICHAEL
COHEN AUTHORIZED THEM TO SAY
PUBLICLY HE WOULDN'T ACCEPT A
PARDON.
THAT IS A TRICKY, TRICKY
DISTINCTION TO SELL, DUG, YOU
SAY YOU NEVER CHEATED ON ME.
>> I DIDN'T, THAT WAS OLD DOUG.
I'M NEW DUG.
NOW IF YOU WILL EXCUSE ME, HAVE
I TO GO PAY OFF A BOOKIE BECAUSE
OLD DOUG BET OUR MORTGAGE ON THE
KNICKS AND GOONS ARE COMING FOR
NEW DOUG'S KNEE CAPS.
NOW IF IT SOUNDS LIKE OLD
MICHAEL AND NEW MICHAEL HAD
QUITE AN INTERNAL STRUGGLE OVER
WHETHER TO GET A PARDON, I'M
BEING TOLD RIGHT NOW, WE HAVE
FOOTAGE OF BOTH MICHAELS
DEBATING WHETHER HE WANTS A
PARDON.
>> TRUMP, WE WANTS A PARDONSES.
>> NO, TRUMP IS WICKED
TRICKSTER, ELYS, ELYS!
>> BUT MASTER TRUMP IS OUR
FRIEND!
>> YOU DON'T HAVE ANY FRIENDS.
NO ONE WHO WORKS FOR TRUMP HAS
FRIENDS!
WITHIN YES, BUT HE IS THE
PRESIDENT.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
>> BEAUTIFUL PERFORMANCE.
>> Stephen: ANDY SERKIS DOES
IT AGAIN.
THIS REVOLUTION IS CRUCIAL
BECAUSE IT UNDERMINES COHEN, A
WIT WHENS HAS PRODUCED COPIES OF
DONALD TRUMP'S CHECKS,
REIMBURSING HIM FOR PAYING OFF
PORN STAR STORMY DAN YEMS WHICH
WOULD BE A CAMPAIGN FINANCE
VIOLATION.
NOW TRUMP FIRED BACK AT THAT
CHARGE THIS MORNING ON TWITTER.
>> IT WAS NOT A CAMPAIGN
CONTRIBUTION, AND THERE WERE NO
VIOLATIONS OF CAMPAIGN FINANCE
LAWS BY ME, FAKE NEWS.
SIR, ARE YOU PASSIONATE BUT JUST
SAYING IT WASN'T ME, IT WASN'T
WHAT IT WAS IS NOT A STRONG HE
DEFENSE.
I MEAN AFTER ALL ATTICUS FINCH
DIDN'T DEFEND TOM ROBYN SON BY
SAYING OH NO HE DI'S N' T.
ONE, ONE REPUBLICAN HAD A CLEAR
DEFENSE OF THE PRESIDENT, I'M
TALKED ABOUT SOUTH DAKOTA
PRESIDENT AND STOCK PHOTO OF A
STOCK PHOTO MIKE ROUNDS.
>> THE PRESIDENT LOVES HIS
FAMILY AND I THINK IT HAS AS
MUCH TO DO WITH TRYING NOT TO
HAVE PUBLIC DISCUSSIONS ABOUT
SOMETHING THAT IS FOR HIM A
PRIVATE MATTER THAT HE DIDN'T
WANT TO HAVE TO DISCUSS WITH HIS
FAMILY.
HE LOVES HIS FAMILY AND I DON'T
THINK HE WANTED HIS FAMILY TO GO
THROUGH THIS.
>> Stephen: YES, WHILE TRUMP
WAS BEING SPANKED WITH A COPY OF
FORBS MAGAZINE BY A PORN STAR,
HE WAS THINKING OF FAMILY.
AND I BELIEVE THAT BECAUSE THEY
WERE ON THE COVER OF THAT
MAGAZINE.